In the world of security,
diversity is important.
Diverse perspectives are often
needed to find
effective solutions.
This is also true of
the tools we use.
Your job will often require
you to use a lot
of diverse tools.
In the last section,
we studied the Linux command
line and learned how
this tool can help you search
and filter through data,
navigate through the
Linux file system,
and authenticate users.
Now, we'll learn
about another tool.
In this section, we'll
explore SQL and how it allows
you to analyze data in a way
needed for your role
as a security analyst.
We're going to start
off by learning about
relational databases and
how they're structured.
From there, we're
going to introduce
SQL queries and how to use
them to access data
from databases.
We then move on to SQL filters,
which help us refine our queries
to get the exact
information we need.
Lastly, we'll explore SQL joins,
which allow you to
combine tables together.
When I'm presented with a
problem or a project at work,
I often have to sift through
a large amount of data.
When I use SQL,
I'm able to review data quickly
and provide results with
confidence since the queries are
consistent and easily executed.
SQL is a very powerful
and flexible tool.
Throughout this section, you'll
learn how to use
the parts of it you
need as a security analyst
and gain hands-on experience.
Good luck, and I'll join you
for the rest of the course!